<h3>Program Information</h3>
<br>
<b>Python Version:</b> 3.10.10
<br>
<b>Packages Needed:</b> PubNub (https://www.pubnub.com/)
<br><br>
<b>Program Description:</b>
<p>
  This assignment is a simple Blockchain System simulating proof-of-work between 
  Alice and Bob. Alice and Bob will compete to add a new block to the system. To simulate 
  proof-of-work, there are two programs in the folder, <b>csci301_a3_alice.py</b> and 
  <b>csci301_a3_bob.py</b>. These two programs will simulate Alice and Bob respectively. These two 
  programs are given the same set of transactions as well as the same genesis block (a_0.json 
  and b_0.json) to work with.
</p>
<p>The two programs should be run in parallel via the following two commands on <b>separate</b> consoles: </p>

<code>python3 csci301_a3_alice.py</code><br>
<code>python3 csci301_a3_bob.py</code>

<p>
  The two programs use multi-threading to simultaneously listen for newly generated 
  blocks via PubNub as well as generating their own block until the block is created or a new 
  block is published. When new blocks are generated by Alice or Bob, they are published in a 
  shared channel "Channel-Block" where both parties would then verify the published block. If 
  the block cannot be verified, the block will be re-generated and the competition restarts. If 
  the block is verified, the ".json" file is created, and the block is added to the block chain.
  Both parties would then proceed to compete to generate the next block in the chain.
</p>
